Monday Code python-flask quickstart (#4)
mondaycom/monday-code-quickstarts: quickstart-python/SETUP.md

Reviewer: Amazing!! 👏  🏅

## Setup Overview

### Base setup of the app on Monday

To set up the app on Monday, follow these steps:

1. Open monday.com, login to your account and go to the "Developers" section.
2. Create a new "Monday-code Example App".
3. Open the "Features" section and create a new "Integration template" feature.
4. Choose the "Start from scratch" template and name your feature.
5. Create a new build and set the project's exposed URL in the "Base URL" field. (You can use
   Monday's [tunneling service](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/command-line-interface-cli#mapps-tunnelcreate) to
   expose your local server to the internet). This step is temporary and will be replaced with the URL of your app in

>    Monday Code.

Reviewer: redundant line break + change to monday code

### Setting authorization URL

1. Under `Feature Details` in your integration feature scroll down to the `Authorization URL` section.
2. Tick the `Enable Authorization URL` checkbox.
3. Enter the URL of your app that will start the OAuth process, in our case, `/auth/`.

### Configure OAuth in Monday

1. Press `OAuth` in the `General` section of the left menu.
2. Enter the `Redirect URLs` tab.
3. Add the following URL: `https://<YOUR_URL>/auth/monday/callback` and **press save**.
4. Don't forget to change the URL after deploying the app to Monday Code.

Congrats, you have successfully set up the app on Monday! 🎉

### Deploying the App to Monday Code

1. Go to the `General` tab under monday code, click on `Connect monday code` and follow the instructions on the screen.
2. Choose your integration Feature Under the `Feature` tab, create a new build and choose monday code as the deployment

>    target.

Reviewer: redundant line break

3. Reconfigure the OAuth redirect URL with the new URL provided by Monday Code.

That's it! You have successfully deployed the app to Monday Code. 🚀

### Setting up the Environment Variables

1. For setting environment variables in production after deploying to monday-code-
    1. You can set the secrets manually in monday-code by going to the `General` tab under monday code and
       then `Environment Variables` section.
    2. Instead, you can use @mondaycom/apps-cli to set the project secrets:
        1. Install apps-cli:
           ```bash
           $ npm i -g @mondaycom/apps-cli
           ```
        2. Set secrets:
           ```bash
           $ mapps code:env
           ```
           Choose the app to set environment variables > set > enter the secret key > then enter the value of the

>            secret. The secret will be injected into process.env of your deployment.

Reviewer: redundant line break

2. Set all the needed environment variables for this app, which can be found in the `.env.example` file.

### Creating a Custom Action

1. Choose your integration Feature Under the `Feature` tab, under `Workflow Bloacks` create a new action.

> 2. Give the action a name, for this example, let's call it `Send a mail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Give the action a name, for this example, let's call it `Send an email`.
```

3. Of course, you can
   add [Input Fields](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/custom-actions#configure-action-input-fields) based on your
   requirements.
4. Define a [Sentence](https://developer.monday.com/apps/docs/custom-actions#define-action-sentence) for the action, for

>    example, `Send an email to {email}`.

Reviewer: redundant line break

5. Finally, Provide the relative path to the action in the API Configuration section, in our case- `/mail/send`.

### Creating a Recipe

1. Choose your integration Feature Under the `Feature` tab, under `Recipes` create a new recipe.
2. Choose a trigger, for this example, let's choose `When status changes`.

> 3. Choose the action you created in the previous step, `Send a mail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose the action you created in the previous step, `Send an email`.
```
